Hey. Ben. are you almost
done? 'Cause I really gotta go.
Almost.
Go on.
I got you.
You're the best.
Hey.
A bunch of us are getting
together by Sam's tonight.
If you want to come by. hit me up.
I... I'm pretty beat.
Think I'm just gonna lock up and
stay home and call it a night.
Right.
So. next time.
Next time.
All right. Later. Ben.
- Hey.
- You need a ride to your car?
Nah. I'm good.
Okay. You guys can go.
Mr. and Mrs. Pateras?
Mr. Shaw. Thank you
so much for coming.
Came as quickly as I could.
There someplace else you want to talk?
No. here is fine.
Everyone knows what's
happening with Ben.
So he's been gone since last night.
He never came home after his shift.
- 12 hours.
- Yeah.
We've been trying his
cell all night. his friends.
No one has heard anything from him.
Now. we know he's 18...
but it's not like him to disappear like this.
you know. without a call or something.
You contacted the police?
- Of course.
- They said unless
there's signs of foul play.
it could be a voluntary disappearance.
Are there any circumstances
in your son's life I should know about?
Anything in particular?
Ben never deposited the
cash into the bank last night.
How much cash we talking about?
Would have been a
few thousand dollars.
Is there a chance he was robbed?
- Yes.
- It's very possible.
There have been a lot of
muggings in the area recently.
I see.
I hate to ask...
Any possibility maybe...
Maybe your son took the money?
There have been
changes in Ben's behavior.
Okay. Like what?
He's 18. he's restless.
he's trying to figure his life out.
That's not a crime.
It's why we called you. Mr. Shaw.
We're at a loss.
We're not rich.
but we pulled together
$10.000 for the reward.
Now. if Ben is hurt. or...
Or even in trouble. we-we...
Just need to find him.
Yeah. I'm gonna do everything I can.
It's over here.
Yeah. Which one is Ben's?
25.
So he doesn't keep all of
his stuff in the back office?
No. He wants his lockers
by the other employees.
Got it.
May I?
No. please.
So. you mentioned earlier
something about Ben's behavior.
Is there anything specific
that you might share with me
that might help us understand
why he disappeared?
He's been coming home
from work. not talking.
just going to his room for hours.
Any idea what he's doing?
He says he's online.
I try to talk to him about
it. but he gets angry. so...
I don't push.
My wife. she
doesn't want to hear this. but I don't think
Ben wants anything to do with this place.
He comes because we ask him to. but
maybe he wants to do
something else with his life.
He wants to help people.
- How so?
- Activism. maybe.
He's been vocal about
the. problems in the world.
fighting injustice. that kind of thing.
- Well. that's good. right?
- I think so.
But my wife. she thinks it's just a phase.
She. wants to keep him close.
Something in here.
What?
Spent cartridge from a taser.
I d... Didn't even know he had one.
Depositing large sums of
money at the end of the night.
maybe he felt like he needed protection?
Maybe.
When he leaves here.
wh-where does he go?
Wh-what's that look like?
He locks up. and then he takes the trash
out to the back to the bin.
Okay. Can you show me?
- Yeah. This way.
- Great.
The trash is this way.
Ben have a normal route that he takes?
Most everybody uses the alley
before cutting up to the
street where it's better lit.
You know. for safety.
Yeah. that way.
What about that camera?
That record last night?
Antonia's been hammering
me for a month to fix it.
but it got away.
Something here.
What's this?
This is Ben's phone.
All right. So either he
ditched that thing on purpose
'cause he didn't want to be tracked...
Or something happened
to him... Made him drop it.
Your kitchen's not open yet today. right?
No. not till 11:00.
The woman down
there is eating stepho's.
Sometimes Ben gives food away
we don't sell on his way home.
Excuse me. Miss? Hi.
Young man give you
that bag of food last night?
Yeah.
Yeah. le-left it by the
door. like he always does.
See where he went?
I don't want any trouble.
No. I don't want any trouble. either.
No. no. No trouble at all.
I just want to know if you
saw anything. that's all.
He's-he's gone missing.
We just want to know if he's okay.
Car drove up.
Big guy got out.
Dark skin. leather jacket.
They were fighting. sounded like.
That guy take Ben?
Yeah.
Put him in the car. drove off.
Is there anything else you
can tell me about the car?
Coupe deville. maybe?
God.
- What? You know who owns it?
- Yeah.
Ellis brawner. He used
to work at the restaurant.
Okay.
Here you go. Hey. Take this.
Stay warm. okay?
Ran that name you wanted.
Ellis brawner? We got theft.
assault. minor drug charge.
Why you think he came for Ben?
Ben's father fired him for
stealing about a month ago.
Maybe he didn't go quietly?
Wait. you think he took
Ben to get back at his folks?
Anything's possible.
Any other connection between the two?
Got a number of calls
going back and forth
between them last night.
I don't know.
Maybe Ellis was threatening him?
Maybe.
Where am I gonna find this guy?
Found his apartment.
Sending it to you now.
Thanks. Randy.
Hey. Is colter all right?
Yeah. We might have something
on this missing 18-year-old kid.
Good.
Well. I am just about
to walk into a meeting.
So if you guys need a hand
with anything. let me know.
You going to a meeting with bubbly?
I don't want to jinx it. but
it could be good for us.
Ooh. Goody-goody.
Sending you all the good vibes.
I will take them.
Maxine. all I have is
this swill lying around.
so there's no promises.
Well. we'd better make sure it's swill.
We better.
And my assistant is
ordering us some food in.
Great.
So. I heard about your work in Houston
from a friend of mine down there.
The private jet broker case
and that little domestic issue...
Yeah. That got kind of messy. didn't it?
But we cleaned up pretty nicely.
Minimal leaks. or so I thought.
That's all I heard.
Grant hardwick told me
when I called around about you.
Don't worry. that's the only tea he spilled.
He did say you were a killer. though.
I like that you did your homework on me.
Not homework.
It's the job.
Horrible.
A gift from one of my
more difficult clients.
Well. bastards always give
as good as they take. right?
I mean. every time.
So... Tell me.
How can I be of help?
Help's not really the right word.
So. our firm has taken on a case
against a real estate development giant.
Class action. Lotta
layers. Lotta billable hours.
This case requires more manpower
than we can muster internally.
so I pitched my partners
on looking to cocounsel
outside the firm...
find a few snipers. such as yourself.
and let 'em loose.
With the full guidance and protection
of the firm. of course.
It's just. in a case this size. it's...
You know. those little
things that can kill you at trial.
Yeah. Little things...
What I just heard was "grunt work."
I was gonna say "shoe leather."
But... Look. I think... If
this ends up being a match.
it could be very. very worth your while.
In return. we are in a position
to flow very promising clients your way.
We think this could be
a mutually beneficial situation...
If it's something you're up for. that is.
Okay. I will do my research.
Make sure that I can
deliver on what you're asking.
You know. Devil's in the details.
Always.
Send me the files. I'll have a look.
Nda first.
Then the files.
Of course.
Well. we need to talk.
- You all right? You okay?
- Yeah.
Hey. stop!
Here.
Where's Ben pateras?
I know you picked him up last
night. What'd you do to him?
- Man. I didn't do nothin'. man.
- His parents fired you.
I know that. too. What is this. payback?
What? That was a
misunderstanding. bro.
I didn't steal nothing. all right?
Man. I-I was just trying
to pick up some overlays
Ben left in one of the lockers.
His dad caught me and I
didn't want to rat Ben out.
so I took the fall. That's it.
Hey. Ben-Ben's my boy.
We're business partners.
What. are you running fake ids?
Yeah. man. we got a ID business.
Ben's the tech side of it.
I know the folks that need 'em.
Were you working together last night?
Nah.
Nah. he-he just called
me outta nowhere.
asked me to pick him up asap.
So-so I peeled over.
I just yelled at him for
draggin' my ass out of bed.
He needed something in a hurry.
Yeah.
Yeah. to grab some ids
and buy my car off of me.
- Your coupe deville?
- Nah.
No. man. I got a junker sittin' on the side.
Just... not doin' me no good.
so. yeah. I hooked him up.
He pay cash?
That's the only thing I take.
Why?
'Cause he took it from the restaurant.
Why would he need a car?
He-he didn't say.
But. man. he-he was stressin'.
Something about your business?
Nah. nah. he would've told me that.
Man. this felt personal.
So I was just like. "yeah. all good. man.
You want the car. you got it."
I think it might have
been about some girl.
I-I overheard him talking on the phone.
Seen him since?
No.
Is he okay?
I don't know.
Parents are worried.
he didn't make it home.
Damn.
Man. I hope he didn't get into
anything stupid with those ids.
That laptop at your place. -is that Ben's?
Yeah. Why?
'Cause I need to take
a look at it. that's why.
Seriously?
There's more? I
cannot believe this lady's
sending over all these damn files.
- Yeah.
- Has no one ever digitized any of this?
Apparently. reenie says that big firms
are like old ships that turn slow.
All right. What does this lady. Max.
actually want us to do?
Well. her firm is filing a class action suit
against some big real estate developer.
and they want us to find witnesses
that can speak to the
company's corporate malfeasance.
Why do they want reenie to do that?
I don't know. I guess they...
- Heard good things?
- Come on. You seeing
what I'm seeing?
It's a little sus. right?
I mean. it cannot be as simple
as just running down some witnesses.
I think reenie likes that
Max is... Kind of a badass.
You mean scary.
- So scary.
- Very scary.
- Terrifying. -Like...
- I... - Yeah.
Anyway. reenie's hoping
you can run these names for her.
She's still debating
whether to take the case
and kind of wants to talk
to some of these people.
Figure out what she'd be getting into.
- I'm on it.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
What's up. man? You find Ellis?
Yeah.
Turns out he didn't kidnap Ben.
They were working together
as business partners.
selling fake ids.
I sold some fake ids one summer.
Almost got pinched. Twice.
He needed ids and a car.
Maybe it had to do with some girl.
A client?
Ellis doesn't seem to think so.
But I got Ben's laptop here.
Can you get into this
thing via my phone?
Let's do it.
Should take me two seconds.
Whoa.
Looks like Ben wrote his own code
over the default. I'm impressed.
Sorry. bro. it's gonna
take me a little minute
to find my workaround.
All right. Tell you what. in the meantime.
I'm gonna send you
information on the car
that Ben bought.
Okay.
All right. that's an old car.
Won't have a GPS. but
let me see what I can do.
Boom. All right. got a hit.
Looks like a traffic cam picked it up
about an hour ago across town.
Then I lose it.
Where'd it pick him up?
Next to some scrapyard.
Can you send me an address?
Yeah. I already did.
I got it. Thanks. Randy.
You got it. man.
- Colter Shaw?
- Yeah.
Detective Blake.
- Thanks for calling this in.
- Yeah.
- Did you ID the victim yet?
- Nadia fedosh.
Here from Romania on a tourist visa
that expired three months ago.
I'm gonna have to ask
you to keep this to yourself.
I'm putting out a bolo on Ben.
No. Ben didn't kill that young lady.
No. no. Someone else did.
They ditched the body here with the car.
What makes you say that?
Let me show you what I found here.
Look at this.
There are two sets of
tire tracks. right here.
Someone drove Ben's car in here. right.
and then took off in another.
Or it's just another car
drove in. Unconnected.
Thought about that. I
don't think so. though.
because this. right here? See that?
These are drag marks
from where the body was
dragged over into the trunk.
Now. I bet if you take a look at the body.
you're gonna find dirt on her.
Yeah. There was.
So whoever took Ben was here
and they have something
to do with that body.
Take my card.
If you find out anything
else. let me know.
I will.
Thank you. detective.
Hey. Randy.
Were you able to get into Ben's laptop?
Wasn't easy. but yes.
Like. all I did was create a virus
that tricked the system
into going into default
and from there. coded
the backdoor to get me in.
Any idea what kind of trouble he was in?
Yeah. nothing there.
Just got a bunch of ids.
Some finished. some in progress.
Anything for a Nadia fedosh?
Girl's body was found in a
car that Ben got from Ellis.
Damn. man.
Let's... let me search.
Here we go. Nadia fedosh.
I got photos. I got a license...
Looks like Ben was trying
to make her a green card.
So what you thinkin'? Ellis set Ben up?
No. I don't think so.
The only thing Ellis seemed to know
was that Ben was
worried about some girl.
- The girl must be Nadia. right?
- Yeah.
I just wonder why Ben
wouldn't tell Ellis about her.
Maybe she was more than just a client?
Could be.
Or maybe she got
herself into a situation.
- Ben didn't want Ellis to get involved...
- Okay.
So Ben goes to drop off the ids.
and gets taken by whoever killed Nadia.
That's what I'm thinking.
You got an address for her?
The address on the ID
Ben gave her is fake. and
there's no other address on file.
Okay. Hey. what about
the. the photo that was sent?
Is there a way we can find
out where that was taken?
You're good.
Yeah. Let me see if I
can strip the metadata.
Maybe we'll get lucky.
No way.
Boom.
Got a geolocation.
Looks like the photo
was taken at some house
that's five miles away from you.
Sending it now.
All right. Thanks. Randy. good work.
Can I help you?
Yeah. Sorry to bother you.
My name is reenie Greene.
I'm looking for Simone Arthur.
Is she home?
Can't help you.
Hi. yes. I am very sorry to bother you.
but I really need to speak with Simone.
It's regarding her relationship
with a former employer.
praiter and Rockwell properties group?
I believe she was the site manager
for elk run canyon housing development.
Look. I'm interviewing.
some potential witnesses
for a class action lawsuit.
and Simone's on the list. so...
Any participation could really
help a lot of people financially
if we win... Including her.
Are... You. are you Simone Arthur?
I'm Josephine. her mother.
Okay. Okay. great.
Nice to meet you. Is-is she here?
You wanna see Simone?
- Yeah.
- Fine.
Thank you.
You people just don't quit. do you?
"You people"?
What?
You think you're the first
lawyer to come knocking?
You want to see Simone?
There she is.
I... I'm so sorry.
I-I truly had no idea. I...
When... did she... Two months ago.
Cancer.
My deepest condolences.
Josephine. I... Truly.
Like I told the guy who came before.
Simone wanted nothing
to do with any lawsuits.
Okay.
I-I understand.
All right.
You can see yourself out.
All right. Ben. Let's try this again.
Are you saying Ben
was at some cam house?
Yeah. It's just like a run-down house.
When you walk in. you
go downstairs. and there's...
A bunch of rooms. mattresses.
Webcam.
Looks like they were
locking these girls up.
I know what this is.
Predators luring girls
from foreign countries
with promises of being a model.
Only when they get here...
- Passports are taken.
- Yeah.
You work or else.
So maybe Nadia went to Ben
for a fake ID. so she
could get out of here.
But she got caught by a handler.
And they had to make an example of her.
Something's not adding up.
Nadia was killed a
couple days ago. right?
Well. Ben was just here. in a room
with the name "Kendall"
written on the door.
His hat's on the floor. Sign of a struggle.
All right. looks like Ben
made Kendall an ID. too.
Except this just happened last night. bro.
So maybe that's who Ellis
overheard Ben talking about.
What. you saying
- he came there to rescue her?
- I don't know.
Tell you what. I got
a... I got a webcam here.
The laptop... can you get into this thing?
Yeah. you know I can do that.
Got it.
Looks like recording started
when the camera hit the bed.
Here. take a look.
Kendall. run!
So. maybe... Maybe Ben
didn't come here to save Nadia.
Maybe he came here to save Kendall...
and he was taken.
Gotta be connected to
Nadia's murder somehow.
Could be Kendall found out
what happened to her friend.
She called Ben for help.
Where would they take him?
House was rented to
some shell company.
I'll call you back.
Colter.
Don't.
Gun. Drop it.
Drop it.
Where's Ben? Where is he?
I know you're head of
security. Where is he?
Where'd you take him?
I was just told to keep him alive.
Why?
- Why?
- To-to find the girl.
Kendall?
Who's looking for her?
Give me a name.
Don't make me do this.
Watts!
Eliza. Nico.
They run this place. That's all I know.
Eliza and Nico watts.
Brother-sister duo.
Records for assault. intimidation.
and they were persons of interest
in three different missing persons cases.
- All having to do with women?
- Bingo.
All here on tourist visas.
Same as Nadia.
Yeah. but they could never find
enough evidence to put 'em away.
Till Kendall found out they killed Nadia.
Meaning she could
actually take 'em down.
Yeah. Now they're
cleaning up their tracks
and they're using Ben to
find out where they took her.
Once they get what they want...
They're gonna kill him. too.
We need to find where they took him.
All right... Anything in the guy's wallet?
Yeah. I got some
cash here. there's an ID.
credit car... I got a...
Got a business card.
Place called celebrities.
Okay. Looks like celebrities
is a nightclub across town.
Hold up.
Dude.
Looks like it's owned by
the same shell company
that's renting out the cam house.
Yeah. I just sent you a pin.
I'm on my way.
Be careful. dawg.
One. two. Check. check.
One. two. One. two.
Check one. Check two.
What's up?
Copy that.
Yeah. I'll take care of it.
All right.
Well. sorry. kid.
It's nothing personal.
It's okay. it's okay. You're okay.
You're okay.
Here to help you.
- Who are you?
- I'm colter.
Your parents hired me.
- My parents?
- Come on.
We gotta get the hell
outta here. Come on.
- Let's go.
- Wait. no. No. I can't go.
I have to save her.
Kendall?
You didn't see. They-they
went through my burner.
figured out where she's hiding.
They're on their way to kill her.
Kendall's phone's still going to voicemail.
Do you think her battery died?
So why didn't Kendall go to the cops
as soon as she found out
what happened to Nadia?
I mean. when she found Nadia's body
hidden in a closet. she panicked.
Thought she'd get
blamed for it somehow.
Or maybe even deported.
Okay. So she called you.
I set up a place for us to go.
To hide out until we
could come up with a plan.
That why you ditched your phone?
You guys were gonna
run away together?
I wanted to help her.
I couldn't call the cops.
- couldn't tell my parents.
- Thought you could save her.
I had no idea what her
and Nadia were involved in.
And then. one day. she told me the truth.
They-they're victims.
Living like prisoners.
So why'd you make an ID for Nadia first?
She'd been there longer.
It was time for her to go.
- Kendall was waiting...
- hold on. hold on.
She was waiting on who?
For me.
So how do you know she's
gonna be at this place you set up?
Well. that was the plan.
She's got no place else to go.
Ben. is that you?
You've been a busy girl. Kendall.
No. No way.
- No. you stay here.
- I want to help.
Call the police. tell them
what's going on here.
I'm going after Kendall.
- Hey.
- Easy. now.
We don't want this
to be any more painful
than it needs to be.
Tell us who else knows
about what happened to Nadia.
Who else did you tell besides the kid?
No one. I swear.
Who else did you tell?
No. no. no.
Get behind the car!
Let her go!
No! Nico!
Come here.
Kendall. come here.
Put the knife down.
Put it... Down.
You're gonna be okay. all right?
You're gonna be okay.
Yeah. But thanks. mom.
I love you. too.
All right. Bye.
Hey.
How's the job with colter?
He found the kid.
And his girl. too.
And he shut down the
predators' illegal cam operation.
In colter we trust.
Damn straight.
Hey.
How'd your interviews go?
Yeah. I mean. they were mostly fine.
It was just this last one that I went to.
Simone Arthur.
I found out she recently died of cancer.
- What?
- Yeah.
That's crazy that that didn't
pop up in my search. though.
I know... There's something
strange about this case.
and I-I can't quite put
my finger on it. but...
I don't know. something just feels off.
So. what? You gonna pass on it?
I don't know.
I'm not sure what's going on.
but whatever it is. I'm
gonna find out more.
'Kay. So go get more.
To get to a place where
he can talk to us. and
- it will not be like this.
- Once he's home.
Ben...
Are you... I'm okay.
You're okay?
Come here.
I'm sorry.
No. no.
We're just glad you're home.
There's someone I want you to meet.
This is Kendall.
Hello.
Is it okay if she stays with us for a while?
She has nowhere else to go.
It's nice to finally
meet you. Mrs. Pateras.
Are you hungry?
God. yes.
Good.
I'll whip something up. This way.
Thank you for everything. Mr. Shaw.
Glad everything worked out for you.
I can't help but think if I'd
have more open. more...
Understanding... Maybe
Ben could have come to me.
Maybe I could've helped sooner.
I...
I don't know. I think you
did everything the right way.
He's a great kid.
Eísai sotíras.
It means you were our savior.
We are forever in your debt. Mr. Shaw.
Not at all.
Enjoy your family.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org